the electric soft-top roof on your
Holton cascada is very easy to use there
are two ways you can open and close the
roof either by using the remote control
key fob or the switch in a center
console it's important to mention that
the soft top roof can be opened while
the vehicle is stationary or at speeds
of up to 50 km/h let's start by using
the switch in the center console
first you need to ensure the ignition is
switched to either position 1 or
position 2 to open the roof
lift up the switch and hold until the
roof is stowed the soft top lid is
closed and all the windows are down
you'll hear a big which notifies you the
operation is complete and the switch can
be released and here's how to close the
room push down on the switch and hold
until the roof and soft top lid are
closed the windows will continue to
close automatically now let's open the
roof using the remote control key fob
press and hold the unlock button until
the roof is stowed soft top lid is
closed and all the windows are down
to close the roof press and hold the
lock button until the roof windows and
soft top lid are fully closed the hazard
warning lights will flash when the
operation is complete
there's another important step to know
when opening and closing the roof in
order for the roof to be lowered the
cargo petition in your boot must be
fully extended and locked into position
to do this simply fold out the petition
by pulling the central strap down
towards the rear until the answer the
leading edge lock into position of the
sides of the boot
make sure the pass-through flap behind
the rear seats is also closed in the
vertical position and held in place with
the velcro fasteners like so when the
roof is up and closed the luggage space
in the boot can be increased by folding
the cargo petition up or raising the
pass-through flap and folding the
backrest of the rear seats forward
you